docs(v1.7.0): Add performance testing about rwx volume fast failover (#962)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/high-availability/rwx-volume-fast-failover.md

> kubectl -n longhorn-system delete lease pvc-2ce4e82e-7ccc-46c0-90a8-a141501fbf93
> ```
> See, for example, https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9093.

### Resource Consumption and System Performance Impact

> The Longhorn project has investigated and benchmarked resource consumption and the impact on performance using 60 RWX volumes. The results show that enabling the RWX volume fast failover feature leads to an increased API request rate, higher RPC rates, and a slight increase in CPU and memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Longhorn team has investigated the impact of RWX volumes on resource consumption and system performance. The benchmarking studies, which were completed using 60 RWX volumes, show that enabling the *RWX volume fast failover feature* results in the following: 

- Increased API request rate
- Higher RPC rates 
- Slight increase in CPU and memory usage
```

> kubectl -n longhorn-system delete lease pvc-2ce4e82e-7ccc-46c0-90a8-a141501fbf93
> ```
> See, for example, https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9093.

### Performance Testing

> If your cluster has many RWX volumes, enabling the RWX Volume Fast Failover feature has a high impact on system performance in terms of `API requests`, `RPC rate`, `CPU`, and `memory` usage. Below are key observations from testing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
According to the benchmark of resource consumption and the investigation of performance impact using 60 RWX volumes, enabling RWX volume fast failover results in an increase in API request rate and RPC rate, as well as a slight increase in CPU and memory consumption.
```

Reviewer 3: Ok good, I'd like to suggest splitting that long sentence up a bit.

```suggestion
The Longhorn project has investigated and benchmarked resource consumption and the impact on performance using 60 RWX volumes. This shows that enabling RWX volume fast turnover results in an increased API request rate and a slight increase in CPU and memory use.
```

> Enabling the RWX Volume Fast Failover feature can have a significant impact on system performance, particularly in terms of `API requests`, `RPC rate`, `CPU`, and `memory` usage. Below are some key observations from testing in the environment:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If your cluster has many RWX volumes, enabling the RWX Volume Fast Failover feature can have a significant impact on system performance, particularly in terms of `API requests`, `RPC rate`, `CPU`, and `memory` usage. Below are some key observations from testing in the environment:
```

> If your cluster has many RWX volumes, enabling the RWX Volume Fast Failover feature can have a significant impact on system performance, particularly in terms of `API requests`, `RPC rate`, `CPU`, and `memory` usage. Below are some key observations from testing in the environment:

Reviewer 3: Hi, removed 'can' as it appears it does have a performance effect. If it might not, then those circumstances should be documented too. 

Removed 'some'. If there are other key observations they should be here as well.

Removed particularly. If there are other areas with high impact then they should be documented here.

```suggestion
If your cluster has many RWX volumes, enabling the RWX Volume Fast Failover feature has a high impact on system performance in terms of `API requests`, `RPC rate`, `CPU`, and `memory` usage. Below are key observations from testing:
```

#### **Environment:**
- **Setup:** 1 Control Node + 3 Worker Nodes (v1.27.15+rke2r1)
- **Workload:** 60 Deployments with 60 RWX volumes with `soft` mount

#### **Test Results:**

| **Metric**                           | **Fast Failover Enabled** | **Fast Failover Disabled** | **Difference**             |
|--------------------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| **1. Number of API Requests**        | 59 req/s                  | 37.5 req/s                 | **+57.3%**                 |
| **2. RPC Rate**                      | 57 ops/s                  | 37 ops/s                   | **+54.1%**                 |
| **3. Memory Usage**                  | Higher Peaks/Minima       | Lower Peaks/Minima         | More usage with Fast Failover Enabled |
| **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM**      | 417MB / 0.13 CPU          | 405MB / 0.1 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |
| **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM**         | 2.25GB / 0.26 CPU         | 2.2GB / 0.235 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |

> These results demonstrate that enabling Fast Failover can lead to a significant increase in resource consumption. It’s recommended to monitor these metrics closely after enabling this feature to ensure your environment can handle the additional load.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These results demonstrate that enabling Fast Failover can lead to a significant increase in resource consumption if your cluster has many RWX volumes. It’s recommended to monitor these metrics closely after enabling this feature to ensure your environment can handle the additional load.
```

> These results demonstrate that enabling Fast Failover leads to a significant increase in resource consumption if your cluster has many RWX volumes. You should monitor these metrics closely, after enabling this feature, to ensure your environment can handle the additional load.

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing the suggestion. The information is added in the above summary.

> These results demonstrate that enabling Fast Failover can lead to a significant increase in resource consumption if your cluster has many RWX volumes. It’s recommended to monitor these metrics closely after enabling this feature to ensure your environment can handle the additional load.

Reviewer 3: Is it possible to better quantify 'many RWX volumes'?
```suggestion
These results demonstrate that enabling Fast Failover leads to a significant increase in resource consumption if your cluster has many RWX volumes. You should monitor these metrics closely, after enabling this feature, to ensure your environment can handle the additional load.
```

Author: > Is it possible to better quantify 'many RWX volumes'?

Hi @jhkrug 
    It depends on the user's environment. In my case, with 3 worker nodes, I created 60 RWX volumes and 60 deployments. The maximum number of pods for 3 worker nodes is 330. I don't have a specific number in mind.

> kubectl -n longhorn-system delete lease pvc-2ce4e82e-7ccc-46c0-90a8-a141501fbf93
> ```
> See, for example, https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9093.

### Resource Consumption and System Performance Impact

The Longhorn team has investigated the impact of RWX volumes on resource consumption and system performance. The benchmarking studies, which were completed using 60 RWX volumes, show that enabling the *RWX volume fast failover feature* results in the following: 

- Increased API request rate
- Higher RPC rates 
- Slight increase in CPU and memory usage

#### **Environment:**

> - **Setup:** 1 Control Node + 3 Worker Nodes (v1.27.15+rke2r1)

Reviewer 2: Insert a new line between the two lines

- **Workload:** 60 Deployments with 60 RWX volumes with `soft` mount

#### **Test Results:**

| **Metric**                           | **Fast Failover Enabled** | **Fast Failover Disabled** | **Difference**             |
|--------------------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| **1. Number of API Requests**        | 59 req/s                  | 37.5 req/s                 | **+57.3%**                 |
| **2. RPC Rate**                      | 57 ops/s                  | 37 ops/s                   | **+54.1%**                 |

> | **3. Memory Usage**                  | Higher Peaks/Minima       | Lower Peaks/Minima         | More usage with Fast Failover Enabled |

Reviewer 5: What target is for these metrics? Kubernetes API Server?  What's RPC here?

Reviewer 4: Hi @innobead 
1. `Number of API Requests` is number of requests to Kube API server
1. `RPC rate` is the number of RPC calls from Kube API server to ETCD. API server is talking to ETCD via RPC calls. This can be used to indicate the load on ETCD

The target for these metrics is that when enabling RWX fas failover, they should not increase by more than 60% of the base line (when disable RWX fast failover)

Reviewer 5: Thank you. Very clear.

> kubectl -n longhorn-system delete lease pvc-2ce4e82e-7ccc-46c0-90a8-a141501fbf93
> ```
> See, for example, https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9093.

### Resource Consumption and System Performance Impact

> The Longhorn team has investigated the impact of RWX volumes on resource consumption and system performance. The benchmarking studies, which were completed using 60 RWX volumes, show that enabling the *RWX volume fast failover feature* results in the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Longhorn team has investigated the impact of RWX volumes on resource consumption and system performance. The benchmarking studies, which were completed using 60 RWX volumes, show that enabling the *RWX Volume Fast Failover* feature results in the following: 
```

> - Increased API request rate
> - Higher RPC rates 
> - Slight increase in CPU and memory usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More requests sent to the Kubernetes API server (kube-apiserver)
- More remote procedure calls (RPCs) sent from kube-apiserver to etcd
- Slight increase in CPU and memory usage
```

#### **Environment:**

- **Setup:** 1 Control Node + 3 Worker Nodes (v1.27.15+rke2r1)
- **Workload:** 60 Deployments with 60 RWX volumes with `soft` mount

#### **Test Results:**

> | **Metric**                           | **Fast Failover Enabled** | **Fast Failover Disabled** | **Difference**             |

Reviewer 2: Change the order
```suggestion
| **Metric**                           | **Fast Failover Disabled** | **Fast Failover Enabled** | **Difference**             |
```

|--------------------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|

> | **1. API request rate (kube-apiserver)**        | 37.5 req/s                  | 59 req/s                 | **+57.3%**                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **1. API request rate (kube-apiserver)**        | 37.5 req/s                  | 59 req/s                 | +57.3%                 |
```

> | **2. RPC rate (kube-apiserver to etcd)**                      | 37 ops/s                  | 57 ops/s                   | **+54.1%**                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **2. RPC rate (kube-apiserver to etcd)**                      | 37 ops/s                  | 57 ops/s                   | +54.1%                |
```

> | **1. Number of API Requests**        | 59 req/s                  | 37.5 req/s                 | **+57.3%**                 |
> | **2. RPC Rate**                      | 57 ops/s                  | 37 ops/s                   | **+54.1%**                 |
> | **3. Memory Usage**                  | Higher Peaks/Minima       | Lower Peaks/Minima         | More usage with Fast Failover Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **1. API request rate (kube-apiserver)**        | 59 req/s                  | 37.5 req/s                 | **+57.3%**                 |
| **2. RPC rate (kube-apiserver to etcd)**                      | 57 ops/s                  | 37 ops/s                   | **+54.1%**                 |
| **3. Memory usage**                  | Higher Peaks/Minima       | Lower Peaks/Minima         | Increased usage with Fast Failover enabled |
```

Reviewer: "req/s" describes a rate, not a count. This is why I reworded metric # 1.

| **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM**      | 417MB / 0.13 CPU          | 405MB / 0.1 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |

> | **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM**         | 2.25GB / 0.26 CPU         | 2.2GB / 0.235 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |

Reviewer: Are metrics 4 and 5 describing usage? If so, please state that.

Author: ```suggestion
| **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM usage**      | 417MB / 0.13 CPU          | 405MB / 0.1 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |
| **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM usage**         | 2.25GB / 0.26 CPU         | 2.2GB / 0.235 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |
```

> | **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM usage**      | 417MB / 0.13 CPU          | 405MB / 0.1 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM usage**      | 417 MB / 0.13 CPU          | 405 MB / 0.1 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |
```

> | **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM usage**      | 405 MB / 0.1 CPU          | 417 MB / 0.13 CPU            | **+3% RAM** / **+30% CPU** |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **4. Longhorn Manager CPU/RAM usage**      | 405 MB / 0.1 CPU          | 417 MB / 0.13 CPU            | +3% RAM / +30% CPU |
```

> | **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM usage**         | 2.25GB / 0.26 CPU         | 2.2GB / 0.235 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM usage**         | 2.25 GB / 0.26 CPU         | 2.2 GB / 0.235 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |
```

> | **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM usage**         | 2.2 GB / 0.235 CPU         | 2.25 GB / 0.26 CPU          | **+2.3% RAM** / **+10.6% CPU** |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **5. Share Manager CPU/RAM usage**         | 2.2 GB / 0.235 CPU         | 2.25 GB / 0.26 CPU          | +2.3% RAM / +10.6% CPU |
```
